[Music]
come
whoa
[Music]
welcome back once again ladies and
gentlemen to the game room I'm Dave
that's mark and today we've got a story
that lines a tale of deceit disease and
deformations and all kinds of good stuff
like that yeah fun that's your citation
diseases coughing blood okay now the
game is in case you can't read
Syphon Filter to art deuce baby as in
there was a first one before this this
is a sequel people maybe they'll make a
prequel someday with Jar Jar Binks okay
what was the score on the Yankees home
opener was it a 2 to 1 3 to 1 yet yeah
that's basically what I'd rather be
doing and playing this game I'm going to
like the Yankees very much so I'd rather
do that than a lot of other stuff but
anyway that's basically in my opinion
about this game it's uh incredibly
frustrating and not very fun frustrating
is probably the word that comes to my
mind the most yes one you can't Gabe
Logan can't nail the on seeing that in
itself is for everything in this second
it was a too damn hard the fact is this
game you spent more time dying than
playing it was too damn hard yep oh look
grenades I'm not wondering that this
game just isn't fun I'm not not some
just little games are supposed to be you
know I'm not a bad video game player man
I'm not good a whole lot in life but I
can play games like you know okay but
there you die every goddamn 30 seconds
in this game yeah if you get like one
little detail wrong you're dead
forget it is that or you're sitting
around running around looking for things
for about four hours and it just gets so
repetitive so boring so fast and I mean
the storyline is okay but just answer
it's not good enough to make you want to
play through both discs that the game
isn't that long but you know I really
came to appreciate a sort of berserk
guts rage after playing this game I
really came to appreciate pac-man after
playing this game for every game I make
I love pac-man but you know sort of
berserk you to run around kill
everything
you don't die every three seconds this
part was really freaking annoying
because there you have this big you get
you get yourself a night-vision goggles
you know night-vision sniper rifle and
you can't kill and there's a big
cocktail light that they make sure they
show you over these guards and then
there's lights all along these streets
so you're thinking yourself I have to
figure out a way to get around these
guys I have to find out how to true how
to drink that cock day what you wind up
doing is you wind up shooting out all
the lights for like 20 minutes and then
you find out that that's not what you're
supposed to do and you still didn't get
drunk and yeah I didn't get drunk I
didn't get laid I didn't get anything I
got a freaking disease alrighty then now
this is what I was supposed to do I was
supposed to run over to that cop car
that were you know where people were
shooting at me and I'm not supposed to
let go of it I'm not supposed to mess
with the militia at all but yet I am
supposed to go over to the car while
they're shooting guns and grab tear gas
that is hidden I hate the headshots on
you I like doing headshots to other
people but I don't care like you're
running around you're trying to get
something out of a truck you're trying
to get somewhere in the game being
headshot it's not even like you know you
can try to avoid it you're gonna tie
your shoes just dead
the Syphon Filter gave you like this buy
the first one I mean if you like the way
it looks it's a cool-looking game
overall I do like the whole atmosphere
of it I like all the guns and explosions
and violence and girls getting run over
by cars that's pretty cool yeah that's
all good stuff Dave let's talk about why
pac-man was better than this game
pac-man was better than this because you
know pac-man got it on with Miss pac-man
that's true they came out with a baby
remember yes so you know for at last at
least somebody got laid in pac-man yeah
like even if they didn't see it you know
what happened in this game no you don't
know even if the okay first of all even
if he was gonna get laid would probably
be too difficult a task for him to even
complete it in the game yeah well mark I
don't know about you but I wasn't too
impressed with the game but uh it just
seems a lack of certain something I like
it quite put my finger
oh yes I can you couldn't quarter people
and slice them in half I personally
thought the graphics were kind of
lacking but it's a PlayStation now so
I'm hoping Syphon Filter 3 will be a
PlayStation 2 game no doubt I'm hoping
that that's going to be a little bit
more
or I guess a little bit more advanced a
little more dynamic you can't go in
you're gonna make a Syphon Filter 3 just
make more improvements than just the
graphics for the love of God this game
needs some advancement somewhere I fuck
gotta go
[Music]